this is why you have to have gun control
ladies and gentlemen this is why you got
to take guns out of the hands of people
like me
who would use them constantly to thin
our herd are you kidding fight a hand
gonna be a self-appointed marshal of
evolution our nature failed I would
succeed I would show up to people's
houses in my neighborhood hi I couldn't
help but notice you're watching Dancing
with the Stars
I'm going next door they have a Clay
Aiken CD
do you put your kids on leashes at the
mall it's the reckoning we have to start
somewhere
I could never have a handgun I'd be
instantaneously I would die using stupid
situations first day I'd be at the
grocery store counting items in the
Express line 13 14 15 okay go right
ahead 13 14 15
no it doesn't make sense I don't have to
I have a gun
the irrational are now empowered that
guy can't turn his turn single off after
15 miles well I think I could do it for
you sir no y-you can't see you're 9
inches from it I'm a quarter mile away
and it's burning a hole in my retina Oh
gas tank